# vnc-summarizer

🌍 *[English](README.md) ∙ [Português](README_pt.md)*

`vnc-summarizer` is the service responsible for the software that extracts the data and summarizes the proposals made
available on the [Você na Câmara (VNC)](#você-na-câmara-vnc) platform. In this repository you will find the source code for the main VNC
software and also the container responsible for running this code, so you can easily run the project.

## How to run

### Prerequisites

To run `vnc-summarizer` correctly you need to have the [`vnc-databases`](https://github.com/devlucassantos/vnc-databases)
and [`vnc-pdf-content-extractor-api`](https://github.com/devlucassantos/vnc-pdf-content-extractor-api) service containers
running, so that this application's container has access to the services needed to query and manipulate the data.

After that, you will also need to fill in some fields in the `.env` file present in the _config_ directory
(`./src/config/.env`). In this file you can see that some fields are already filled, this is because they are
default settings that can be used if you choose not to modify any of the pre-configured containers to run the
repositories that make up the VNC,  however feel free to modify any of these variables to make the project adapt to your
environment. Also note that some of these variables are not filled in, this is because these variables have their use
linked to each user's account on platforms external to VNC and therefore must have their values generated by each user
who wants to use the platforms. These keys are:
* `AWS_REGION` → Region/Server of the IAM user account in AWS (For a more detailed explanation about AWS access credentials
, visit the [official AWS documentation on managing IAM user access keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html)).
* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` → IAM user access ID in AWS.
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` → IAM user secret access key in AWS.
* `AWS_S3_BUCKET` → Name of the bucket where the images of the proposals will be saved in AWS S3.
* `OPENAI_API_KEY` → To fill in this variable an [API key must be created in ChatGPT](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys), 
the AI service currently used by VNC.

### Running via Docker

To run the program you will need to have [Docker](https://www.docker.com) installed on your machine and run the following
commands in the root directory of this project:

````shell
docker compose up
````

### Documentation

After running the project, the program will begin searching and summarizing the propositions, finally inserting them
into the platform's database.

## Você na Câmara (VNC)

Você na Câmara (VNC) is a news platform that seeks to simplify the propositions under debate in the Chamber of Deputies
of Brazil aiming to synthesize the ideas of these propositions through the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) so that
these documents can have their ideas expressed in a simple and objective way for the general population.
